## CSS

Reading notes of [A tale of two viewports, Part II](http://www.quirksmode.org/mobile/viewports2.html)

### tl;dr

use this:

```html
<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width,initial-scale=1">
```

### Layout Viewport

> Imagine the layout viewport as being a large image which does not change size or shape.

Layout viewport **never changed**.

### Visual Viewport

> The visual viewport is the part of the page that’s currently shown on-screen.

Imagine visual viewport is a frame for users to look the image through -- if **layout viewport** is that image.

### The 'Trick'

However, the CSS layout, especially percentual widths, are calculated **relative to the layout viewport**, which is considerably wider than the visual viewport.

How width is layout viewport? --> It differs per browser:

* Safari iPhone: 980px
* Opera: 850px
* Android Webkit: 800px
* IE: 974px

The point is: browsers have chosen their dimensions of the layout viewport such that it `completely covers the screen in fully zoomed-out mode` (and is thus equal to the visual viewport).x

### Media Queries

Media queries work the same as on desktop:

* `width/height` uses the **layout viewport** as its reference and is measured in CSS pixels
* `device-width/height` uses the device screen and is measured in device pixels.

### Problems, and solutions.

tl;dr - the webpage would be "squeezed" to fit in the device width
This is because the layout viewport is BIG, and to show all contents in the page, the browser would "increase" the visual viewport's width & height (i.e: zoomed-out), thus making the layout viewport has the same size to visual viewport.

Plus, since the layout viewport is still BIG, all media queries following `width/height` would fail.

#### Solution

The solution is using **`<meta viewport>`** to declare layout viewport in advanced. This approach was first raised by Apple, and luckily it has been adopted in most of mobile browsers.

```html
<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width,initial-scale=1">
```
