## Sike.io React Camp

### Responsive Design

Responsive Design is about arranging objects neatly given any amount of space.
feel comfortable

Responsive Design Methods

* responsive grid: content-rich page
* full page design: little content

### Flexbox

visual rendering model

CSS2 - for documents

E.g

Vertical centering

* Is it inline or inline-* elements?
  * Is it a single line?
  * Is it multiple lines?
* Is it a block-level element?
  * Do you know the height of the element?
  * Is the element of unknown height?
  * Can you use flexbox?

Flex

* flex-direction [main-axis, cross-axis]
* align-items
* justify-content [flex-start, center, flex-end]
* align-self [stretch]
* flex-grow

The amount of "free space" is calculated after growing the containers to fit the content

The free space is divided according to `flex-grow` factors.

We can use `flex-basis` property to override the size of a flexbox when calculating free space.

If we set `flex-basis: 0` for both children, it is as though their widths are zero when their parent calculates the free space.

The `flex-basis` property is like the min-width of flexbox. It determines how much space the flexbox reserves for itself. The default `flex-basis: auto` means "reserve as much space as needed to fit the content", and `flex-basis: 50px` means reserve 50px, but grow if there's more free space.

`flex-basis: 50%` vs. `flex-basis: 0`

The former one means there are no "free space" left, while the latter one means the "free space" is equal to the window's width.

`flex` is shorthand that sets `flex-grow`, `flex-shrink` and `flex-basis`.

`vh`: `height of viewport`
https://css-tricks.com/the-lengths-of-css/

### Absolute positioning

With the help of `transform`, you can center object by using absolute positioning.

If an element is `position: static`, it doesn't have z-index.

Container should not be `position:static`
