## Interview

Two interviews today. 8:30 AM ( Skype ), 10:00 PM ( phone ).

### Algorithm

Given a randomly sorted array of numbers, which are consecutive. One number is missing, and one number is duplicated. For example:

`1,2,...,5,7,7,...,1000` in random orders.

Design an algorithm to find out these two numbers.

**Solutions**

* Sort and traverse. Time `O(NlogN)`
* Create a new array. Copy these numbers back to rightful index in the new array. Then traverse. Time `O(N)`, space `O(N)`
* Put numbers to rightful index in place. Then traverse. The 'in place' algorithm works like this (suppose we have 1-1000):
  1. Pick the first number, let's say `7`;
  2. Calculate `7`'s rightful index `6`;
  3. Pick the number originally in index `6`, say `10`;
  4. Put `7` into index `6`
  5. Do same procedure 1-4 with new number `10`, until we have done it 1000 times.

  We have time `O(N)` and space `O(1)`.
* Sum all, product all. Since we miss `x` and duplicated `y`. We have two formulas about `x` and `y`. Easy.

  **But pay attention: JUST don't do it on 32-bit system.**

### HTML

#### $(document).ready vs. window.onload

* `ready` event occurs after document has been loaded, and **specific to jQuery.**
* `onload` event occurs later, when all content (e.g images) also has been loaded, and it's **a standard event in DOM.**

The approach of jQuery's `ready`:

* DOMContentLoaded ( All modern browsers /  IE 9+ )
* readystatechange ( IE 8 )
* For < IE 8, check the code [here](https://github.com/jquery/jquery/blob/1.11-stable/src/core/ready.js#L127)

#### `<script>` async, defer

I thought it's simple, and noted that I'm wrong...

[This article](http://www.growingwiththeweb.com/2014/02/async-vs-defer-attributes.html) almost provided everything you need to know.

Still headache...

#### MISC

* Pay attention about (PC) assets overhead when you use responsive design.
* When a website is slow, you should concern **bandwidth** && **latency**

  ( **TIPS:** test it by sending a small package to 2 server in different location. If load time varies severely it should be latency )

#### CAREER

* In startup team everyone should be partnership. Try best to understand and reason others, even you are not the ( co- ) founder / boss.

* Try to experience things you are not familiar ( business, management, etc )

* Customer is **ALWAYS** the No.1. Start from the requirement and choose your tech stack.
