## CSS

[`box-shadow`](https://developer.mozilla.org/zh-CN/docs/Web/CSS/box-shadow)

```
none | [inset? && [ <offset-x> <offset-y> <blur-radius>? <spread-radius>? <color>? ] ]#
```

* `spread-radius`: positive values will cause shadow to expand, negative values will cause the shadow to shrink.

## Thoughts

### Attitudes towards Famo.us

If you don't know Famo.us, you may have a shot first in Google.

#### tl;dr

As a solution to Web Animation, it has a good idea and implementation, but whether it would be popular or easy to use is yet to be proofed.

#### Facts

Based on my using experience and understanding:

* a javascript library for animation
* maintain a 'renderTree', dirty checking, minimize DOM updating (in short, virtual DOM)
* implement animation's physical effect as an engine(library?) to use
* DOM support first, then WebGL
* Support: requirejs, browserify
* We use it (v0.2.x) in a real project -- it works.
* We pay a lot of time in building model and router.

#### Perf

Performance is important.

* Qualitative: **pretty** in PC ,iOS devices and high-end Android devices, **acceptable** in some lower Android devices.
* Quantitative: check [FBench](http://github.com/allenfantasy/FBench)

#### Drawbacks

Famo.us is good, but pay attention to it's drawbacks:

* ONLY view support -- we have to worry about data manipulation
* Lack of component plugins, or, scattered around in github
* Poor documents, esp. after they upgrade to v0.6

#### Problems

The drawbacks always has some reasons:

* premature code -- web animation is a BIG problem, code may be very different if we decided to choose another approach
* poor community building -- package/plugin system, doc, forum, gitter, ...
* poor partnership -- Angular, jQuery (ME: WHAT?)

**BUT**, tl;dr -- they are a startup team --> their power are limited.

#### My Attitude

In a QQ group some people discuss about Famo.us, here's mine:

* Demo is not everything. Only thorough benchmarking could tell which framework / tool is better.
* WHY benchmark ?
     1. Quantitative
     2. Reproducible
     3. Compatibility
* Community is very important, including docs, issues handling, and chatting.
* DOM’s performance is limited ( which is well-known ) — that’s WHY Famo.us **turn to webGL**
* Dive in OR accept the reality. JUST **don’t fucking complain** — it do nothing good.
